What fills you with enthusiasm?
Do you enjoy talking about tasty food?
Or do you speak with enthusiasm
about the playful antics
of your little niece or nephew?
Reasons for enthusiasm
vary from person to person.
But why might a speaker who loves Jehovah
and who believes what he’s saying
lack enthusiasm when speaking?
It’s not enough just to prepare what to say.
We must get our heart involved,
think about our listeners,
and breathe life into our delivery.
This is important both in the congregation
and in the ministry.
As you watch the following example,
consider the question,
‘Does this sister need
more enthusiasm for her subject or less?’
The coming Paradise will be wonderful.
Notice just one
of the prophecies in the Bible
regarding the abundant blessings
God has promised.
It’s here at Isaiah 65:21, 22:
“They will build houses and live in them,
“and they will plant vineyards
and eat their fruitage.
“They will not build
for someone else to inhabit,
nor will they plant for others to eat.”
So how did she do?
When we speak about the blessings
of the new earth under God’s Kingdom,
we should brim with enthusiasm.
Enthusiasm is contagious.
Let’s watch another example.
The coming Paradise will be wonderful!
Notice just one
of the prophecies in the Bible
regarding the abundant blessings
God has promised.
It’s here at Isaiah 65:21, 22:
“They will build houses and live in them,
“and they will plant vineyards
and eat their fruitage.
“They will not build
for someone else to inhabit,
“nor will they plant for others to eat.
“For the days of my people
will be like the days of a tree,
and the work of their hands
my chosen ones will enjoy to the full.”
Well done!
Our sister spoke from the heart
and breathed life into her material.
It was evident
in her tone of voice and facial expression.
Of course, we need to be balanced.
We could tire our listeners if we
project a high level of enthusiasm
throughout our presentation.
To illustrate this, watch this brother
giving a talk at the Kingdom Hall.
What prophetic events
can we expect in the near future?
First, there will be a pronouncement
of “peace and security.”
Then, the great tribulation will begin
when the nations turn on Babylon the Great,
the world empire of false religion.
However, in harmony
with the words of Matthew 24:22,
the attack will be cut short
“on account of the chosen ones.”
What will happen next?
Gog of Magog, a coalition of nations,
will attack God’s people.
Also, . . .
What do you think?
The speaker was clearly enthusiastic
—a bit too enthusiastic
about the devastating events to come.
Also, our listeners will be distracted
if we use the same gesture repeatedly.
So we should try to make
our gestures meaningful
and show enthusiasm primarily
when teaching main points
and when motivating our listeners to action.
Let’s give our brother another chance.
What prophetic events
can we expect in the near future?
First, there will be a pronouncement
of “peace and security.”
Then, the great tribulation will begin
when the nations turn on Babylon the Great,
the world empire of false religion.
However, in harmony
with the words of Matthew 24:22,
the attack will be cut short
“on account of the chosen ones.”
What will happen next?
Gog of Magog, a coalition of nations,
will attack God’s people.
But Jehovah will rescue
his servants during Armageddon,
“the war of the great day
of God the Almighty.”
So, what must we do now?
Romans 12:11 commands us
to “be aglow with the spirit.”
By putting enthusiasm into our delivery,
we’ll stimulate and motivate
our listeners to action.